# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair)

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair)

Quorum requires participation of 5 or more of the 8 voting members (including the officers).

| First Name | Last Name   | Company                                                     | Role(s)       | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|:--------|
| Adrian     | Diglio      | Microsoft                                                   | Member        | No      |
| David      | Kemp        | National Security Agency                                    | Member        | No      |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member | No      |
| Harin      | Sarda       | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | No      |
| Jautau     | White       | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Jeremy     | Rickard     | Microsoft                                                   | Member        | No      |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Co-Chair      | Yes     |
| Kris       | Vandecruys  | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | No      |
| Langley    | Rock        | Dell                                                        | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair      | No      |
| Peter      | Gephardt    | IBM                                                         | Member        | No      |
| Przemyslaw | Roguski     | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Sergii     | Demianchuk  | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Shridhar   | Chari       | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | No      |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Member        | No      |
| Stefan     | Arntzen     | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Member        | No      |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Secretary     | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Proell      | Siemens                                                     | Member        | No      |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | No      |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany       | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Tobias     | Limmer      | Siemens                                                     | Member        | No      |

Quorum was not reached (7 of 8 Voting Members).

## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (Moderator)

## 1.4 Approval of agenda

- Roll Call  
- Updates
- Approval of previous meeting minutes (motions carried out per e-mail motions)  
- Review of actions
- Review of outstanding issues and pull requests marked for TC discussion: [https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox)  
- Next steps  

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (Moderator)

- Motion will be set via mailing list.
- See Issues for missing meeting minutes.

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions (Secretary Stefan)

## 1.7 Identification of TC voting members (Secretary)

### 1.7.1 Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

- Feng Cao

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence

# 2. Future Meetings

## 2.1 Future meeting schedule (Secretary)

- Next Scheduled Teleconferences (Wednesday at 09:00 PT / 12:00 ET / 18:00 CET / **17:00** UTC for 1 hour) - all in 2026

    ```
    June 17
    July 15
    August 19
    September 16
    October 21
    November 18
    December 16
    ```

# 3. Discussion

## 3.1 Updates
- Rogue shared an update on the blog post in coordination with the ECMA TC 54 CLE group: [https://owasp.org/blog/2026/04/15/end-of-life-cle-and-openeox](https://owasp.org/blog/2026/04/15/end-of-life-cle-and-openeox)
- Rogue mentioned there was good response and feedback about the blog post at the April VulnCon conference in Arizona.
- TC Members thanked Rogue for the great work on the blog post.
- Rogue thanked Sergii for his helps with feedback and edits on the blog post.
- Justin mentioned the blog post from February 2026 posted by CISA in parallel with the Binding Operational Directive 26-02, requiring FCEB agencies to track and update unsupported devices: [CISA OpenEoX Blog Post](https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/news/end-just-beginning-better-security-enhanced-vulnerability-management-openeox)

## 3.2 Issues / Pull Requests

- PR #[185](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/185)
  - Thomas Schmidt points the TC to pull request #185, which at the start of the meeting contains an outline for the editor revision consisting of the other pull requests which individually contain the content of the editior revision.
- PR #[189](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/189) & PR #[190](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/190)
  - Stefan Hagen points the TC to pull requests #189 and #190.
  - Thomas Schmidt runs the TC through the details of the PRs, involving simplyfing the role names in conformance and glossary to shorten the roles by using the document scope "OpenEoX Core" as namespace, reorder the role names to state the primary attributes, and sort the listings of roles and of conformance clauses by the new role names.
  - Thomas sets the motion for the TC to accept pull request #189 and pull request #190
  - Rogue seconded. No comments, questions, or objections. Motion passed.
- PR #[186](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/186)
  - Stefan described the PR as small editorial changes for dashes as unordered list indicators, reducing the number of dashes from seven to three by publisher request, and updating TC member information.
  - No motion required per standing rule to allow editiorial changes without formal TC voting.
- PR #[185](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/185)
  - Thomas sets the motion to accept PR #185 (the editor revision) and to merge the pull request into our main branch accepting the editor revision "as is".
  - Sergii asks if there are any new changes, or is this PR a combination of all of the other changes already detailed?
  - Thomas clarifies that all the changes the we just detailed are a part of the PR #185.
  - Sergii and Rogue seconded. No comments, questions, or objections. Motion passed.

## 3.3 Other Business

- Thomas Schmidt sets the motion to have a ballot to send the editor revision, along with other required deliverables for our submission package, to public review as CSD-01. Sergii seconded the motion. No questions, comments, or objections. Motion passed.
- Thomas Schmidt details the ballot to accept the OpenEoX specification "as is" in the OpenEoX TC repository and to send it to the TC Admins for the 1st public review as CSD-01, for a 30 day public review and designate the markdown as the authoritative source and request/task the editors with working with the TC Admins to facilitate any editiorial changes that are need prior to public review.
  - All voting member submit vote of "YES" via chat.
  - Ballot passed unanimously.
- Jay White presents the topic of AI for OpenEoX.
  - Jay White emphasizes the importance of including end-of-life information in Software Bill of Materials (SBOMs).
  - Jay mentions discussions focusing on decommissioning AI systems and the implications, and the need for clear terms and definitions regarding support and maintenance.
  - Jay White (Microsoft) will open an issue related to AI considerations for further discussion and contributions.
  - The TC members will continue discussions asynchronously on GitHub regarding issues previously mentioned (issues #31, #67, and others)

## 3.4 Next steps

- Editors will work with the TC Admins to facilitate any editiorial changes that are need prior to public review.

# 4. Resolutions and Decisions reached (by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end)

## 4.1 End debate of other issues by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end and follow the agenda from this point (Co-Chair)

## 4.2 Review of Decisions Reached (Secretary)

- PR #189 and PR #190 motions passed and merged.
- PR #186 discussed and merged.
- PR #185 (editor revision) motion passed and merged.
- Ballot held to send editor revision to first public review as CSD-01.

## 4.3 Review of Action Items (Secretary)

ACTION for TC Editors to with the TC Admins to facilitate any editiorial changes that are need prior to public review.

# 5. Next Meeting

  ```
  June 17, 2026
  ```

# 6. Adjournment

- Meeting was adjourned.
