# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair)

- Thomas Schmidt sets the motion to accept Thomas Schaffer as acting chair for the April meeting as Omar and Justin are not able to be present.
- Stefan and Rogue seconded. No objections. No discussions.
- Note: Omar able to attend shortly after start of the meeting.

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair)

Quorum requires participation of 7 or more of the 13 voting members (including the officers).

| First Name | Last Name   | Company                                                     | Role(s)       | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|:--------|
| Adrian     | Diglio      | Microsoft                                                   | Member        | No      |
| Art        | Middlekauff | Flexera                                                     | Member        | Yes     |
| David      | Kemp        | National Security Agency                                    | Member        | Yes     |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member | No      |
| Duncan     | Sparrell    | sFractal Consulting LLC                                     | Member        | No      |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Harin      | Sarda       | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | Yes     |
| Jautau     | White       | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Jeremy     | Rickard     | Microsoft                                                   | Member        | Yes     |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Co-Chair      | No      |
| Kris       | Vandecruys  | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member | No      |
| Kunal      | Modasiya    | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member        | No      |
| Langley    | Rock        | Dell                                                        | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Member        | No      |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair      | Yes     |
| Pablo      | Quiroga     | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member        | No      |
| Peter      | Gephardt    | IBM                                                         | Member        | No      |
| Przemyslaw | Roguski     | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Sergii     | Demianchuk  | Cisco Systems                                               | Observer      | Yes     |
| Shridhar   | Chari       | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | Yes     |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member | No      |
| Stefan     | Arntzen     | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member | No      |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Secretary     | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Proell      | Siemens                                                     | Member        | No      |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany       | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Tobias     | Limmer      | Siemens                                                     | Member        | No      |

Quorum was reached (8 voting members present)

## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (Moderator)

## 1.4 Approval of agenda

- Roll Call  
- Updates
- Approval of previous meeting minutes (motions carried out per e-mail motions)  
- Review of actions
- Review of outstanding issues and pull requests marked for TC discussion: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox  
- Next steps  

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (Moderator)

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions (Secretary Stefan)

- ACTION on all to provide feedback on use cases presented via issues and pull request comments
  - ONGOING

## 1.7 Identification of TC voting members (Secretary)

### 1.7.1 Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

- Shridhar Chari

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

- Kris Vandecruys

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

- Harin Sarda

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence

# 2. Future Meetings

## 2.1 Future meeting schedule (Secretary)

- Next Scheduled Teleconferences (Wednesday at 09:00 PT / 12:00 ET / 18:00 CET / **17:00** UTC for 1 hour) - all in 2025

    ```
    May 21
    June 18
    July 16
    August 20
    September 17
    October 15
    November 19
    December 17
    ```

# 3. Discussion

## 3.1 Updates
- Omar gave an update on the pending items related to acronyms.
- Omar checked with OASIS, other TCs, and ISO standard contacts regarding acronyms and the important aspect is consistency throughout the standard.
- Omar gave an update that OASIS staff has a template where we can put the content of the draft of the whitepaper.
    - The process is: Once we have the definitions in place and paper finalized, there will be a ballot for the paper to be approved as a work item for the TC.
    - With majory vote, the paper will proceed to be published.
    - Omar will take the action item to convert current state of whitepaper to the OASIS template.

## 3.2 Issues / Pull Requests

- PR [#73](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/73)
    - Omar and Langley discuss the use of "EoSecS".
    - Langley suggests not using acronyms at all to avoid conflict.
    - Thomas Schmidt and Rogue disagree and emphasize the need for acronyms as long as they are clearly definined in the standard.
        - Acronym duplication and conflict is not a new thing. 
    - Thomas Schmidt suggests voting between the three most popular options:
      - EOSS
      - EoSecS
      - EOSSec
    - TC majority vote is for EoSSec.
    - Thomas Schmidt set motion to accept the End of Security Support Acronym as EoSSec.
    - Omar and Rogue seconded. No discussion. No objections. Motion passed.
    - Thomas Schmidt additionally set motion to accept the End of Security Support Acronym definition as stated in PR [#73](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/73). T
    - Thomas Schaffer seconded. No discussion. No objections. Motion passed.
- PR [#75](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/75)
    -  Thomas Schmidt presents the proposed definition for General Availability (GA).
    -  No comments or discussion.
    -  Thomas Schmidt sets the motion to accept the General Availability (GA) definition in PR [#75](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/75)
    -  Thomas Shaffer seconded. No discussion. No objections. Motion passed.
- PR [#78](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/78)
    - Thomas Schmidt presents the proposed definition for "product".
    - Thomas Schaffer asks whether the term "services" should be changed to singular "service".
    - Thomas Schmidt sets the motion to accept the defintion of "product" with the amendment of "services" to "service" as stated in PR[#78](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/78).
    - Omar and Rogue seconded. No discussion. No objections. Motion passed.
- PR [#80](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/80)
    -  Thomas Schmidt presents the modified "End of Sales" definition with the amendment of striking the mention of version and license.
    -  Thomas Schmidt sets the motion to accept the updated "End of Sales" definition as stated in PR [#80](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/80).
    -  Thomas Schaffer seconded. No discussion. No objections. Motion passed.
- PR [#81](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/81)
    - Thomas Schmidt presents the updated definition for "product lifecycle".
    - Thomas Schmidt sets the motion to accept the updated "product lifecycle" definition as stated in PR [#80](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/81).
    - Rogue seconded. No discussion. No objections. Motion passed.
- PR [#10](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/10)
    - Thomas Schmidt presents the Core Schema draft PR and discusses .
    - Thomas Schmidt suggests discussion only the core schema and not the shell schema.
    - Rogue suggests we change the core schema to only include End of Life and End of Sales.
    - Thomas Schmidt asks are there any additional concerns regarding the structure of the schema or want to take a step back?
    - Langley asks the opportunity to take a deeper look before setting a motion.
    - Rogue and Thomas Schmidt discuss how to handle the case of End of Security Support without end of life. Rogue asks if the TCs approach is the correct approach for the open source community?
    - Thomas responds that it is probably a good idea to require that field not only to make people think about what is their end of security support, but also to help people downstream to know if there is security support not.
    - Stefan supports Langley's suggestion to have time to take a deeper look at the core schema.
    - Sergii asks about the timestamp enum "tba".
    - Thomas Schmidt clarifies that if you don't have the timestamp right now, that "tba" allows for the issuer to provide the timestamp information later.
    - Jay mentions a past discussion re: a deprecation policy that could be revisited by the TC.
    - Discussion tabled for the core schema until the next meeting.

## 3.3 Next steps
- Omar to add whitepaper content to template for OASIS product.
- All TC members to review PR [#10](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/10) and be ready to discuss the core schema draft at our next meeting.

# 4. Other Business

- OASIS Quorum Calculator
    - Thomas Schmidt presents the OQC open source tool for calculating attendance, quorum, and voting status for the use of the OpenEoX TC.
    - Stefan mentions the need to get the correct voting status for members into the tool for accurate quorum calculation.
    - Thomas responds that he will work with the OASIS staff and tool developers to make sure the correct voting status is represented.
    - Thomas Schmidt sets the motion to approve use of the OQC tool for the OpenEoX TC for calculating quorum.
    - Thomas Schaffer seconded. No discussion. No objections. Motion passed.
    - Thomas mentions that the tool should be available for use by the April meeting.

# 5. Resolutions and Decisions reached (by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end)

## 5.1 End debate of other issues by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end and follow the agenda from this point (Co-Chair)

## 5.2 Review of Decisions Reached (Secretary)

DECISION for the TC to start using the OQC tool starting at our next meeting for quorum calculation.
DECISION to table discussion of core schema until the next meeting.

## 5.3 Review of Action Items (Secretary)

ACTION for all TC members to review the OASIS Quorum Calculator tool and report any vulnerabilities.

ACTION Omar will add whitepaper content to template for OASIS product.

ACTION for all TC members to review PR [#10](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/10) and be ready to discuss the core schema draft at our next meeting.

# 6. Next Meeting

Omar: Will ensure the invite will indicate the correct time for March, 19.

  ```
  May 21, 2025
  ```

# 8. Adjournment

Meeting was adjourned.
