# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair)

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair)

Quorum requires participation of 7 or more of the 13 voting members (including the officers).

| First Name | Last Name   | Company                                                     | Role(s)       | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|:--------|
| Adrian     | Diglio      | Microsoft                                                   | Member        | No      |
| Art        | Middlekauff | Flexera                                                     | Member        | No      |
| David      | Kemp        | National Security Agency                                    | Member        | No      |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Duncan     | Sparrell    | sFractal Consulting LLC                                     | Member        | No      |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Harin      | Sarda       | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member | No      |
| Jay        | White       | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Jeremy     | Rickard     | Microsoft                                                   | Member        | No      |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Co-Chair      | Yes     |
| Kris       | Vandecruys  | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member | No      |
| Kunal      | Modasiya    | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member        | No      |
| Langley    | Rock        | Dell                                                        | Voting Member | No      |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Member        | No      |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair      | Yes     |
| Pablo      | Quiroga     | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member        | No      |
| Peter      | Gephardt    | IBM                                                         | Member        | No      |
| Przemyslaw | Roguski     | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Shridhar   | Chari       | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | Yes     |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Stefan     | Arntzen     | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Secretary     | No      |
| Thomas     | Proell      | Siemens                                                     | Member        | No      |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member | No      |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany       | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Tobias     | Limmer      | Siemens                                                     | Member        | No      |

Quorum was reached (9 voting members present)

## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (Moderator)

## 1.4 Approval of agenda

- Roll Call  
- Updates
- Approval of previous meeting minutes (motions carried out per e-mail motions)  
- Review of actions
- Review of outstanding issues and pull requests marked for TC discussion: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox  
- Next steps  

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (Moderator)

- Omar sets the motion to accept the meeting minutes from 2025-02-19 as stated in PR [#66](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/66)
- Thomas seconded. No discussions. No objections. Motion passed.

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions (Secretary Stefan)

- ACTION on all to provide feedback on use cases presented via issues and pull request comments
  - ONGOING

## 1.7 Identification of TC voting members (Secretary)

### 1.7.1 Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

- Hardin Sarda

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

- Shridhar Chari

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence

# 2. Future Meetings

## 2.1 Future meeting schedule (Secretary)

- Next Scheduled Teleconferences (Wednesday at 09:00 PT / 12:00 ET / 18:00 CET / **17:00** UTC for 1 hour) - all in 2025

    ```
    April 16
    May 21
    June 18
    July 16
    August 20
    September 17
    October 15
    November 19
    December 17
    ```

# 3. Discussion

## 3.1 General Discussion

- Registration and Quorum Calculation
    - Thomas proposes using an open source tool that will track attendance, quorum, and voting status for TC members given the ongoing challenges with OASIS platform.
      - Received verbal permission from OASIS to use the open source tool. Awaiting for written approval.
    - Sonny asks if the OASIS Higher Logic capability to "RSVP" works for tracking attendance and quorum calculation?
        - Omar clarifies that this mechanism does not allow for tracking attendance, quorum calculation, and voting status for TC meetings.
    - Omar states that an open source tool that is contributed by an organization or individual that is going to be continued to be maintained would be welcomed by OASIS.
    - Omar mentions that Stefan and Thomas are part of the OASIS Board Technology Subcommittee currently discussing potential paths forward for OASIS.
    - Omar asks Thomas if the open source tool will be integrated with the OASIS infrastructure registration?
        - Thomas clarifies that the open source tool is not currently integrated. If the OASIS Board Technology Subcommittee decides to use the tool, they can choose to integrate it into the OASIS workflow.
        - Thomas says at this time it does not make sense to bind the tool to the OASIS infrastructure.
    - Omar mentions that not only is attendance and quorum calculation/voting status a problem, but also the roster and current status of participation of members/organizations with the TCs.
    - Thomas suggests using the tool as an interim solution to track attendance, quorum, voting status independently for the time being.
    - Justin confirms support for Thomas' suggestion re: the open source tool for quorum calculation.
- In Person Meeting
    - Thomas suggest having an in person meeting to help make more significant progress with the OpenEoX standard.
    - Omar suggests RSA as a possible venue for an in person meeting.
    - Thomas and Justin discuss inability to travel to RSA due to administration transition and budgeting changes. Thomas suggests VulnCon as a possible alternative.
    - Justin also suggests VulnCon and supports the idea of an in person meeting, but suggests to make it a hybrid meeting to allow optimized participation from the TC.
    - Sonny, Rogue, Feng, Thomas, Omar, and Justin all confirm in person participation at VulnCon in Raleigh, NC.
    - Omar suggests meeting at Cisco RTP offices and offers to host the in person meeting instead of meeting at the McKimmon Center (venue for VulnCon).
    - In person meeting will take place tentatively on Wednesday April 9th at 3 PM Eastern Time at Cisco RTP office.
        - Thomas suggests we meet Wednesday and Thursday. Omar agrees.
- Other External Efforts re: End-of-Life
    - Omar highlights the value and importance of an in person meeting in making progress as there are other external efforts starting to make progress in the area of end-of-life/end-of-support that may add pressure to OpenEoX.
    - Denny empasizes the need to move quick.
    - Shridhar states that while we need to operationalize the effort, we also need to make the standard robust, and that he is not a fan of moving too quickly and possibly missing something.
    - Rogue suggests that this group should define a minimum standard to use as a starting point and extend it and add new features based on the requirements.
    - Thomas mentions the Ecma TC54 TG3 CLE standard (Issue [#71](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/71)) and confirms that we are not the only effort.
    - Thomas further explains his belief that we have two solid definitions with End-of-Life and End-of-Sales.
    - Thomas suggests that we start with these two strong definitions because people can use them and we can produce a standard specification from these as a starting point that we can then build out.
        - Thomas believes we can produce a specification quickly and have a standard in a possible two month timeframe.
        - Once we put out the standard, we can then circle back and discuss more use cases, more definitions, etc. 
    - Omar supports this suggestion and mentions that we cannot control the timelines of the other efforts, but we can accelerate our own process.
    - Omar suggests that this does not necessarily need to be a schema, but could be a position paper and that this would increase the chances that the other efforts will align with OpenEoX.
    - Rogue supports the need to move quickly on a starting point and address the main problem of needing to have a standardized method for the community/ecostem to approach End-of-Life, instead of having competing efforts that lead to everyone having separate methods of doing it.
    - Omar puts a motion in place that we prioritize the taxonomy and definitions and defining phase 1 minimum element that an OpenEoX record should have and publish this in the form of a whitepaper within a two month timeframe of todays meeting (2025-03-19).
    - Denny, Rogue, and Justin seconded. No objections. Motion passed.
    - Sonny asks where would this whitepaper would be published?
    - Omar responds that we could have both an OASIS blog post and possibly doing a press release.
    - Denny highlights the importance to show some progress to the community.
    - Thomas suggests we meet Wednedsay and Thursday.
  
## 3.2 Issues / Pull Requests

- PR [#66](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/66)
    - Omar sets the motion to accept the meeting minutes from 2025-02-19 as stated in PR [#66](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/66)
    - Thomas seconded. No discussion. No objections. Motion passed.
- PR [#69]((https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/69)
    - Omar sets the motion to add the Flexara use cases to the repository as seen in PR [#69]((https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/69))
    - Justin seconded. No discussion. No objections. Motion passed.

## 3.3 Next steps

- Omar to send calendar holds for in person meetings in Raleigh, NC.
- In person meeting on April 9th and April 10th in Raleigh, NC.
- Omar to merge PR [#69]((https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/69)) after the TC meeting.
- Omar to reach out to Ecma TC54 TG3 CLE contact.

# 4. Other Business

None.

# 5. Resolutions and Decisions reached (by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end)

## 5.1 End debate of other issues by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end and follow the agenda from this point (Co-Chair)

## 5.2 Review of Decisions Reached (Secretary)

- DECISION to meet in person on Wednesday and Thursday afternoon in Raleigh, NC at Cisco RTP offices on the margins of the VulnCon Conference.
- DECISION to prioritize the taxonomy and definitions and defining phase 1 minimum element that an OpenEoX record should have and publish this in the form of a whitepaper within a two month timeframe of todays meeting (2025-03-19).

## 5.3 Review of Action Items (Secretary)

- Carried over from previoius meetings:
- ACTION on all to provide feedback on use cases presented via issues and pull request comments
- ACTION Omar will reach out to Ecma TC54 TG3 CLE contact (Issue [#71](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/71))

# 6. Next Meeting

  ```
  April 16, 2025 - US already in DST, while Europe is not yet.
  ```

# 8. Adjournment

Meeting was adjourned.
