# Gathering

The regular monthly meeting was [canceled](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/probable-rescheduling-of-the-meeting-today).
Instead a gathering (an informal meeting not counting towards voting eligibility) was held amongst the TC members that showed up
regardless the cancellation.
Therefore, the notes do not follow the usual template.
No voting was done as it was not a formal meeting.

## Members present

- Feng Cao
- Jautau White
- Przemyslaw Roguski
- Sergii Demianchuk
- Thomas Schmidt

## Notes

- Meeting transitioned from a formal session to a non-voting gathering due to cancellation by chairs (and lack of quorum).
- Sergii shared pull request and sought guidance on conformance targets.
- Przemek proposed improving OpenEoX data publication for better accessibility and discovery.
- Linking between OpenEoX documents was debated, with preference for using existing SBOM references.
- API specifications may include links to support product lifecycle dependencies in future discussions.
- Personal publications about specifications do not require TC approval unless representing the TC officially.

## Action items

- Sergii Demianchuk to continue work on the issue [#110](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/110)
- Przemek to open an issue summarizing the discussion points from todayâ€™s meeting regarding linking OpenEoX documents and the API specifications.

## Next Meeting

```
  October 15, 2025
```
