# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair)

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair)

Quorum requires participation of 8 or more of the 15 voting members (including the officers).

| First Name | Last Name   | Company                                                     | Role(s)                 | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------|:--------|
| Adrian     | Diglio      | Microsoft                                                   | Member                  | NO      |
| Art        | Middlekauff | Flexera                                                     | Member                  | YES     |
| David      | Kemp        | National Security Agency                                    | Member                  | NO      |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member           | YES     |
| Duncan     | Sparrell    | sFractal Consulting LLC                                     | Member                  | NO      |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member           | YES     |
| Harin      | Sarda       | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member           | NO      |
| Jautau     | White       | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member           | YES     |
| Jeremy     | Rickard     | Microsoft                                                   | Member                  | NO      |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Co-Chair                | NO      |
| Kris       | Vandecruys  | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member           | YES     |
| Kunal      | Modasiya    | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member                  | NO      |
| Langley    | Rock        | Dell                                                        | Voting Member           | YES     |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Member                  | NO      |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair                | YES     |
| Pablo      | Quiroga     | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Voting Member           | NO      |
| Peter      | Gephardt    | IBM                                                         | Member                  | NO      |
| Przemyslaw | Roguski     | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member           | NO      |
| Shridhar   | Chari       | Cisco Systems                                               | Member                  | NO      |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member           | YES     |
| Stefan     | Arntzen     | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member           | YES     |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Secretary, taking notes | YES     |
| Thomas     | Proell      | Siemens                                                     | Member                  | NO      |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member           | YES     |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany       | Voting Member           | YES     |
| Tobias     | Limmer      | Siemens                                                     | Member                  | NO      |

Quorum was reached (9 voting members present).

## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (Moderator)

## 1.4 Approval of agenda

- Roll Call  
- Updates:  
  - No updates
- Approval of previous meeting minutes (motions carried out per e-mail motions)  
- Review of actions
- Presentation of use cases and scenarios
  - DONE
- Review of outstanding issues and pull requests marked for TC discussion: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox  
- Next steps  

Agenda was approved.

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (Moderator)

Meeting minutes apporved per email motion and no objections during the meeting, 
thus minutes form January 2025 meeting are approved.

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions (Secretary Stefan)

- ACTION on all to provide feedback on use cases presented via issues and pull request comments
  - ONGOING
- ACTION on Przemyslaw to create a proposal for <https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/29> 
  as base for a discussion during the February meeting
  - ONGOING as Przemyslaw is not present

## 1.7 Identification of TC voting members (Secretary)

- the roster is still out of sync so no final statements on member status changes possible
  during meeting

### 1.7.1 Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

- Art Middlekauff

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence

# 2. Future Meetings

## 2.1 Future meeting schedule (Secretary)

- Next Scheduled Teleconferences (Wednesday at 09:00 PT / 12:00 ET / 18:00 CET / **17:00** UTC for 1 hour) - all in 2025

    ```
    March 19
    April 16
    May 21
    June 18
    July 16
    August 20
    September 17
    October 15
    November 19
    December 17
    ```

# 3. Discussion

## 3.1 Use Cases

- All: Use cases have all been presented so that we can start to analyze.
- Omar: Next to analyze all use cases and try to identify minimum elements for the schema to start

## 3.3 Issues / Pull Requests

- Thomas: Walks all through [Single fields vs. scope for End of Maintenance #67](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/67)
- All discuss
- Langley: Concerns on too many facets requiring teimestamps as a problem for producers
- Thomas: These detailed category entries are optional
- Langlkey: Why not let the organizations choose
- Art: Maybe also a burden on consumers (when the manifold of categroies is offered) on how 
  to create policies against such a large set
- Stefan: Enumeration for categories seems important to fulfill our charter and constraining 
  excessive use of such categories making it difficult for producers and consumers alike can
  only be stated as SHOULD or lower level maybe even simply informative text. 
- Thomas: Shares the conviction that the categories should be enumerations for automation 
  and clarity; also they are optional
- Langley: Maybe look if we can match a subset of categories to the existing contributed use cases
- Feng: Yes, we need to identify the common cases

- Thomas: suggests to close [Information Model example #24](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/24) with no action
- No objections, PR closed without action.

- Thomas: No further action required for [Whither the EoX schema? #64](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/64)
- Thomas: Will encourage the reporter to ask for closing themselves
- Stefan: Will label as question

- Thomas: Opened issue [Common denominators of use cases #68](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/68) for everyone to use in
  commenting while we try to identify the common terms from the harvested use cases.

## 3.4 Next steps

Analyze all use cases and try to identify minimum elements for the schema to start

# 4. Other Business

None.

# 5. Resolutions and Decisions reached (by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end)

## 5.1 End debate of other issues by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end and follow the agenda from this point (Co-Chair)

## 5.2 Review of Decisions Reached (Secretary)

None.

## 5.3 Review of Action Items (Secretary)

- Carried over from previoius meetings:
  - ACTION on all to provide feedback on use cases presented via issues and pull request comments
  - ACTION on on Przemyslaw to create a proposal for <https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/29> 
    as base for a discussion during the February meeting

# 6. Next Meeting

Omar: Will ensure the invite will indicate the correct time for March, 19.

  ```
  March 19, 2025 - US already in DST, while Europe is not yet.
  ```

# 7. Adjournment

Meeting was adjourned.
