# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair)

- Thomas Schmidt opened the meeting.

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair)

Quorum requires participation of 6 or more of the 10 voting members (including the officers).

| First Name | Last Name   | Company                                                     | Role(s)       | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|:--------|
| Adrian     | Diglio      | Microsoft                                                   | Member        | No      |
| Christian  | Banse       | N/A                                                         | Member        | Yes      |
| Christoph  | Plutte      | Ericsson                                                    | Member        | Yes      |
| David      | Kemp        | National Security Agency                                    | Member        | No      |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member | No      |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member | No      |
| Harin      | Sarda       | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | No      |
| Jautau     | White       | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member | No     |
| Jeremy     | Rickard     | Microsoft                                                   | Member        | No      |
| Jessie     | Vaught      | N/A                                                         | Member        | Yes      |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Co-Chair      | No      |
| Kris       | Vandecruys  | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | No      |
| Kunal      | Modasiya    | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member        | No     |
| Langley    | Rock        | Dell                                                        | Voting Member | No     |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Member        | No      |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair      | No      |
| Peter      | Gephardt    | IBM                                                         | Member        | No      |
| Przemyslaw | Roguski     | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member | No     |
| Sergii     | Demianchuk  | Cisco Systems                                               | Member        | Yes     |
| Shridhar   | Chari       | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member | No      |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Stefan     | Arntzen     | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Member        | No      |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Secretary     | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Proell      | Siemens                                                     | Member        | No      |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member | No     |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany       | Voting Member | Yes     |
| Tobias     | Limmer      | Siemens                                                     | Member        | No      |
| Dr. Dina   | Truxius     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany       | Member        | Yes      |
| JD         | Stefaniak   | N/A                                                         | Member        | Yes      |


Quorum was reached (9 voting members present).

## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (Moderator)

## 1.4 Approval of agenda

- Updates
- Approval of previous meeting minutes from October 15, 2025
- Review of actions
- Review of outstanding issues and pull requests marked for TC discussion: [https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox)  
- Next steps  

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (Moderator)

- Meeting minutes from October 15, 2025 were approved.

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions (Secretary Stefan)

- ACTION from October 15: Sergii created meeting minutes for the TC meeting conducted on October 15, 2025 - Completed

## 1.7 Identification of TC voting members (Secretary)

### 1.7.1 Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence

# 2. Future Meetings

## 2.1 Future meeting schedule (Secretary)

- Next Scheduled Teleconferences (Wednesday at 09:00 PT / 12:00 ET / 18:00 CET / **17:00** UTC for 1 hour) - all in 2025
```
    December 17
```

- 2026 meeting schedule to be determined

# 3. Discussion

## 3.1 Updates

  - Participants discussed usability concerns in documentation related to YAML and JSON formats
  - Discussion emphasized that developers interpret specifications literally, highlighting the need for clear and unambiguous documentation
  - Participants identified challenges with legacy categories inherited from CVRF that require resolution
  - Technical writers' feedback on usability was deemed crucial for assessing proposed documentation changes

## 3.2 Issues / Pull Requests

- Editors continued managing contributions and ensuring document alignment
- Discussion focused on removing legacy categories as a potential breaking change requiring proper notification procedures
- Participants addressed the importance of establishing clear vendor naming conventions to prevent confusion in product documentation
- Technical guidance needed for handling vendorless or unknown vendors in components

## 3.3 Other Business

N/A

## 3.4 Next steps

- Sonny van Lingen will send out an email to gather opinions from technical writers regarding usability concerns
- A separate issue will be opened to discuss guidance on dealing with vendorless or unknown vendors in components
- Thomas Schmidt will prepare a motion regarding the recommended test for common misuse of vendor names in CSAF documents

# 4. Resolutions and Decisions reached (by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end)

## 4.1 End debate of other issues by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end and follow the agenda from this point (Co-Chair)

## 4.2 Review of Decisions Reached (Secretary)

- Decision to gather technical writer feedback on usability concerns
- Decision to address vendor naming conventions through formal motion

## 4.3 Review of Action Items (Secretary)

- ACTION: Sonny van Lingen to send out an email to gather opinions from technical writers regarding usability concerns
- ACTION: Open a separate issue to discuss guidance on dealing with vendorless or unknown vendors in components
- ACTION: Thomas Schmidt to prepare a motion regarding the recommended test for common misuse of vendor names in CSAF documents
- ACTION: Sergii will create meeting minutes for the TC meeting conducted on November 19, 2025

# 5. Next Meeting
```
  December 17, 2025
```

# 6. Adjournment

- Meeting was adjourned.