 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair)

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair)

Quorum requires participation of 8 or more of the 14 voting members (including the officers).

| First Name | Last Name  | Company                                                     | Role(s)                   | Present |
|:-----------|:-----------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------|:--------|
| Adrian     | Diglio     | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member             | No      |
| Altaz      | Valani     | Individual                                                  | Member                    | No      |
| David      | Kemp       | National Security Agency                                    | Member                    | No      |
| Denny      | Page       | Individual                                                  | Voting Member             | Yes     |
| Duncan     | Sparrell   | sFractal Consulting LLC                                     | Voting Member             | No      |
| Feng       | Cao        | Oracle                                                      | Member                    | Yes     |
| Harin      | Sarda      | Cisco Systems                                               | Member                    | No      |
| Jay        | White      | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member             | No      |
| Jeremy     | Rickard    | Microsoft                                                   | Member                    | No      |
| Justin     | Murphy     | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Co-Chair                  | Yes     |
| Kris       | Vandecruys | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member             | Yes     |
| Kunal      | Modasiya   | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member                    | No      |
| Langley    | Rock       | Dell                                                        | Voting Member             | No      |
| Martin     | Prpic      | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member             | Yes     |
| Omar       | Santos     | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair                  | Yes     |
| Pablo      | Quiroga    | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member                    | No      |
| Peter      | Gephardt   | IBM                                                         | Member                    | No      |
| Przemyslaw | Roguski    | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member             | Yes     |
| Shridhar   | Chari      | Cisco Systems                                               | Member                    | No      |
| Sonny      | van Lingen | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member             | Yes     |
| Stefan     | Arntzen    | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Member                    | Yes     |
| Stefan     | Hagen      | Individual                                                  | Secretary                 | No      |
| Thomas     | Proell     | Siemens                                                     | Member                    | No      |
| Thomas     | Schaffer   | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member             | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Schmidt    | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany       | Voting Member             | Yes     |
| Tobias     | Limmer     | Siemens                                                     | Member                    | No      |

Regrets:

* Stefan Hagen

Quorum was reached (9 voting members present)

## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (Moderator)

## 1.4 Approval of agenda

* Roll Call  
* Updates:  
  * Discussion on various term use across the industry  
* Approval of previous meeting minutes (motions carried out per e-mail motions)  
* Review of outstanding issues and pull requests marked for TC discussion: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox  
* Next steps  

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (Moderator)

None (motions carried out already per e-mail motions).

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions (Secretary Stefan)

None

## 1.7 Identification of TC voting members (Secretary)

### 1.7.1 Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

* Duncan Sparrel

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence

# 2. Future Meetings

## 2.1 Future meeting schedule (Secretary)

- Scheduled Teleconferences (Wednesday at 09:00 PDT / 12:00 EDT / 18:00 CEST / **16:00** UTC for 1 hour)

    ```
    August 21, 2024
    September 18, 2024
    October 16, 2024 (daylight saving times still active)
    November 29, 2024 (normal time switch back done, same time on wall clock)
    December 18, 2024
    ```

# 3. Discussion

The meeting focused on the need to define separate end of sales criteria for software and hardware,
emphasizing the importance of authoritative documentation from the provider and acknowledging
the complexity of hardware due to stock limitations.

* The meeting discussed the need to define the end of sales for software and hardware separately.
* There was a suggestion to start by defining solid definitions for full support, end of support, end of sales, and end of life.
* It was acknowledged that hardware and software have differences in terms of their end of sales, with hardware being more complex due to stock limitations.
* The participants agreed that focusing on smaller scopes and gradually expanding would lead to better definitions.
* The participants are discussing the need to define "end of sales" and "end of life" separately in the scope.
* They agree to remove the title of the scope that includes both terms.
* There is a discussion about how resellers may still sell products even after they are no longer available from the vendor.
* They discuss the importance of authoritative open EoX documents coming from the vendor, not resellers.
* The meeting discussed the definition of supply chain and clarified that even if a product is no longer available from the vendor, it may still be sold by others.
* There was a suggestion to replace the term "vendor" with "provider" to make the definition more general.
* The team discussed prioritizing the next steps in defining end of life and end of sales for software and hardware products.

## 3.1 Next steps

* Keep on discussng on GitHub and mailing list

# 4. Other Business

None

# 5. Resolutions and Decisions reached (by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end)

## 5.1 End debate of other issues by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end and follow the agenda from this point (Co-Chair)

## 5.2 Review of Decisions Reached (Secretary)

None

## 5.3 Review of Action Items (Secretary)

None

# 7. Next Meeting

  ```
  Aug 21, 2024 09:00 PDT / 12:00 EDT / 18:00 CEST / 16:00 UTC for 1 hour
  ```

# 8. Adjournment

Meeting was adjourned.
