# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (OASIS Staff Contact Kelly)

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (OASIS Staff Contact Kelly)

* Kelly: Showed the tentative roster and voting members (as of 2023-OCT-30)

Listed per roster as "given family, affiliation, role(s)". 
Note: The latter in part as during or at the end of this inaugural meeting.

* Adrian Diglio, Microsoft, Voting Member
* Denny Page, Individual, Voting Member
* Duncan Sparrell, sFractal Consulting LLC, Voting Member
* Jay White, Microsoft, Voting Member
* Jeremy Rickard, Microsoft, Voting Member
* Justin Murphy, DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), Co-Chair
* Kelly Cullinane, OASIS, OASIS Staff Contact
* Kris Vandecruys, Cisco Systems, Voting Member
* Langley Rock, Dell, Voting Member
* Martin Prpic, Red Hat, Voting Member
* Mike Fraser, Sophos Ltd, Voting Member
* Omar Santos, Cisco Systems, Co-Chair, taking notes
* Przemyslaw Roguski, Red Hat, Voting Member
* Shridhar Chari, Cisco Systems, Voting Member
* Sonny van Lingen, "Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.", Voting Member
* Stefan Hagen, Individual, Secretary
* Thomas Schaffer, Cisco Systems, Voting Member
* Thomas Schmidt, Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany, Voting Member


## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (OASIS Staff Contact Kelly)

* Kelly: Showed the tentative roster and voting members (as of 2023-OCT-30)

## 1.4 Approval of agenda

N/A - This is the inaugural (first) meeting of the TC with parts of the agenda required.

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (OASIS Staff Contact Kelly)

N/A - This is the inaugural (first) meeting of the TC

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions

N/A - This is the inaugural (first) meeting of the TC

## 1.7 Identification of TC voting members (OASIS Staff Contact Kelly)

### 1.7.1 Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

* Adrian Diglio
* Denny Page
* Duncan Sparrell
* Jay White
* Jeremy Rickard
* Justin Murphy
* Kelly Cullinane
* Kris Vandecruys
* Langley Rock
* Martin Prpic
* Mike Fraser
* Omar Santos
* Przemyslaw Roguski
* Shridhar Chari
* Sonny van Lingen
* Stefan Hagen
* Thomas Schaffer
* Thomas Schmidt

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence

# 2. Nomination and Elextion of Officers

* Kelly:
  * Nominations of Co-Chairs to the mailing list before the meeting:
    * Jay White, Microsoft
    * Omar Santos, Cisco Systems 
  * Asked for nomiations from the floor:
* Justin: Nominated himself
  * Justin Murphy, DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA)
* Kelly: 
  * Three candidates for two positions => a vote is needed.
  * Performed a rolling vote call and noted the results in a spreadsheet
* Kelly: Calculated and announced result after the vote:
  * Omar Santos, Cisco Systems received 12 votes
  * Justin Murphy, DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) received 8 votes
  * Jay White, Microsoft received 7 votes
* Kelly:
  * Announced Omar and Justin as Co-Chairs  
* Kelly:
  * Nominations of Secretary to the mailing list before the meeting:
    * Stefan Hagen, Individual
  * Asked for nomiations from the floor:
    * None received
  * Asked if anyone is objecting for Stafen Hagen to act as secretary of the TC
    * No objections or discussions. Unanimous consent. Stefan Hagen is the secretary of the TC

# 3. OASIS Process Overview

* Kelly: Walked all thorugh the TC Process Overview section of the slides (stored in kavi after the meeting)

# 4. New Business of the TC

* Kelly: Handed over to Co-Chair Omar for new business of the TC

## 4.1 Request a GitHub git repository for TC Work (TC Repository)

* Omar:
  * Moves to allow the Officers to request creation of a new TC GitHub git repository for "TC collaboration"
    from TC Administration.
    * Duncan seconds.
      * Stefan: Amends the motion to ensure the Secretary is an initial maintainer.
      * All discuss
      * No objections or discussions. Unanimous consent. The motion carries.

## 4.2 Request a GitHub git repository for OpenEoX Awareness and Adoption (Open Repository)

* Omar:
  * Moves to allow the Officers to request creation of an open GitHub git repository for "hosting
    an OpenEoX awareness and adoption website" from TC Administration
    * Duncan seconds.
      * No objections or discussions. Unanimous consent. The motion carries.

## 4.3 Selection of Communication Channels for Minutes and Issue Processing

* Omar:
  * Continue to drive all conversations via GitHub issues
  * Create and use labels to 
    * coordinate notification needs 
    * trigger TC live discussions during the meetings
    * preparing votes / ballots
* All discuss and the general trend is all in favor no one noted objecting. 

## 4.4 Time and Date of the Monthly TC Meetings

* Omar: Suggested to meet on the last Wednesday of the month at 12pm EDT (11 ET) - before the CSAF TC
* All: Discussed the proposal
* Action on the Co-Chairs to suggest options for date and time slots for the next meeting to the TC members

# 5. Other Business

* None

# 6. Resolutions and Decisions reached

## 6.1 End debate of other issues

## 6.2 Review of Decisions Reached

* DECISION to allow the Officers to request creation of a new TC GitHub git repository for "TC collaboration"
           from TC Administration.
* DECISION to allow the Officers to request creation of an open GitHub git repository for "hosting
           an OpenEoX awareness and adoption website" from TC Administration
* DECISION to use the TC GitHub git repository with issues and labels to collaborate and prepare live
           TC discussions during meeitings as well as ballots

## 6.3 Review of Action Items

* ACTION on the Co-Chairs to suggest options for date and time slots for the next meeting to the TC members

# 7. Next Meeting

Date and time slot to be communicated by the Co-Chairs after consideration of member query results (action).

# 8. Adjournment

Meeting was adjourned.
