 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair)

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair)

Quorum requires participation of 9 or more of the 17 voting members (including the officers).

| First Name | Last Name  | Company                                                     | Role(s)                   | Present |
|:-----------|:-----------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------|:--------|
| Adrian     | Diglio     | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member             | NO      |
| David      | Kemp       | National Security Agency                                    | Member                    | NO      |
| Denny      | Page       | Individual                                                  | Voting Member             | NO      |
| Duncan     | Sparrell   | sFractal Consulting LLC                                     | Voting Member             | NO      |
| Feng       | Cao        | Oracle                                                      | Member                    | YES     |
| Harin      | Sarda      | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member             | YES     |
| Jautau     | White      | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member             | YES     |
| Jeremy     | Rickard    | Microsoft                                                   | Member                    | NO      |
| Justin     | Murphy     | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Co-Chair                  | YES     |
| Kris       | Vandecruys | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member             | YES     |
| Kunal      | Modasiya   | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member                    | NO      |
| Langley    | Rock       | Dell                                                        | Voting Member             | NO      |
| Martin     | Prpic      | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member             | NO      |
| Omar       | Santos     | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair                  | YES     |
| Pablo      | Quiroga    | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Voting Member             | NO      |
| Peter      | Gephardt   | IBM                                                         | Member                    | NO      |
| Przemyslaw | Roguski    | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member             | YES     |
| Shridhar   | Chari      | Cisco Systems                                               | Member                    | YES     |
| Sonny      | van Lingen | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member             | YES     |
| Stefan     | Arntzen    | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member             | YES     |
| Stefan     | Hagen      | Individual                                                  | Secretary, taking notes   | YES     |
| Thomas     | Proell     | Siemens                                                     | Member                    | NO      |
| Thomas     | Schaffer   | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member             | YES     |
| Thomas     | Schmidt    | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany       | Voting Member             | YES     |
| Tobias     | Limmer     | Siemens                                                     | Member                    | NO      |

Quorum was reached (11 voting members present)

## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (Moderator)

## 1.4 Approval of agenda

* Roll Call  
* Updates:  
  * Discussion on various term use across the industry  
* Approval of previous meeting minutes (motions carried out per e-mail motions)  
* Review of outstanding issues and pull requests marked for TC discussion: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox  
* Next steps  

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (Moderator)

None (motions carried out already per e-mail motions).

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions (Secretary Stefan)

None

## 1.7 Identification of TC voting members (Secretary)

### 1.7.1 Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence

# 2. Future Meetings

## 2.1 Future meeting schedule (Secretary)

- Scheduled Teleconferences (Wednesday at 09:00 PDT / 12:00 EDT / 18:00 CEST / **16:00** UTC for 1 hour)

    ```
    November 29, 2024 (normal time switch back done, same time on wall clock)
    December 18, 2024
    ```

# 3. Discussion

- [Using "End" word in the lifecycle definitions #38](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/38):
  - Przemyslaw presents the rationale behind the ticket
  - Kris is also in favor of using the concept of milestones eg. a start of a window is a milestone and the end is another milestone
  - Feng, Omar, and Stefan like to focus on end "markers" only
  - Feng and Omar mention scope problems with theb charter
  - Stefan Hagen sees enough work to get the end "markers" right as some may depend on start of contract
  - Thomas Schmidt is open for adding the start "marker" but is sceptical if this is doable and useful - maybe add when need clearly arises
  - all continue to discuss if adding a start "marker" is useful already and if it fits the scope given by the charter
  - Thomas Schmidt identified another discussion oging on that is about successors taking over
  - Thomas Schmidt also sees the need to agree on statements on precision to accomodate for risky product deployments where there might
    be a possible future need to shorten a support range 
  - Omar encourages all participants to add comments to the issue and suggests for now to focus on the end of stages and maybe later come back

- [Suggested new optional field "successor" #3](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/3):
  - Thomas Schmidt shortly presents the issue
  - Stefan Arntzen and Stefan Hagen are not against an optional field but have doubts about the use
  - Stefan Hagen esp. does not expect "hard" benefit from values in that field
  - Omar is in favor as an optional field even useful to some when most may not use it
  - Shridar esp. sees that in the end of "x" announcement from a supplier there is a place to state successors
  - Kris suggests to rename as "recommended action" (or similar) instead
  - all continue to discuss
  - Shridar moves to consider an optional field in the targeted version of the specification
  - Omar objects the idea to have the name of the field unspecified
  - Stefan Hagen suggests to add more complex information (like recommended action) later to another field
  - Thomas Schmidt moves to add an optional field successor into the targeted version of the specification
    - Stefan Hagen seconds
    - discussion:
      - Jautau does not think the field should be optional 
      - Thomas Schmidt does not see esp. in the open source world a successor as a value the supplier can or will supply
      - Kris suggests that this field could be required and have an explicit content stating that there is no successor
      - Stefan Hagen sees problems with a required field in use cases where an open source maintainer archives their
        project and states that there is no successor (because they do not know or do not care) this does not help
        consumers and may challenge the "former" supplier in unneeded ways 
      - Omar sees more need for the discussion so the motion does not yet carry
      - Stefan Hagen suggests to add comments to the ticket to foster a conclusion soon  

## 3.1 Next steps

* Keep on discussng on GitHub and mailing list

# 4. Other Business

Skipped.

# 5. Resolutions and Decisions reached (by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end)

## 5.1 End debate of other issues by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end and follow the agenda from this point (Co-Chair)

## 5.2 Review of Decisions Reached (Secretary)

None

## 5.3 Review of Action Items (Secretary)

None

# 7. Next Meeting

  ```
  November 29, 2024 (normal time switch back done, same time on wall clock)
  ```

# 8. Adjournment

Meeting was adjourned.
