# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair)

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair)

Quorum requires participation of 9 or more of the 17 voting members (including the officers).

| First Name | Last Name  | Company                                                     | Role(s)                 | Present |
|:-----------|:-----------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------|:--------|
| Adrian     | Diglio     | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member           | No      |
| Altaz      | Valani     | Individual                                                  | Member                  | No      |
| Denny      | Page       | Individual                                                  | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Duncan     | Sparrell   | sFractal Consulting LLC                                     | Voting Member           | No      |
| Jay        | White      | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Jeremy     | Rickard    | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Justin     | Murphy     | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Co-Chair                | Yes     |
| Kris       | Vandecruys | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Kunal      | Modasiya   | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member                  | No      |
| Langley    | Rock       | Dell                                                        | Voting Member           | No      |
| Martin     | Prpic      | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Mike       | Fraser     | Sophos Ltd                                                  | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Omar       | Santos     | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair                | Yes     |
| Pablo      | Quiroga    | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member                  | No      |
| Przemyslaw | Roguski    | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Shridhar   | Chari      | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Sonny      | van Lingen | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Stefan     | Arntzen    | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Member                  | Yes     |
| Stefan     | Hagen      | Individual                                                  | Secretary, taking notes | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Proell     | Siemens                                                     | Member                  | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Schaffer   | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Schmidt    | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany       | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Tobias     | Limmer     | Siemens                                                     | Member                  | No      |


Quorum was achieved.

## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (Co-Chair)

## 1.4 Approval of agenda

* Updates
  *  [CVE/FIRST VulnCon 2024 and Annual CNA Summit](https://www.first.org/conference/vulncon2024/)
  *  OpenEOX is a finalist in the OASIS Outstanding New Initiative award
* Approval of previous meeting minutes  
* Scheduling of upcoming TC meetings based on the poll outcome
* GitHub issues #2 and #4 for discussion
* PRs on initial schemas and Duncan's scenario directories
* Next steps
* Adjourn

The agenda was approved as amended based on the raise of a point of order
by Jay to add the approval of the previous meeting minutes.

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (Co-Chair)

* [Minutes of 2023-11-02 Meeting #1 (Inaugural)](https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/document.php?document_id=71500&wg_abbrev=openeox)

The minutes were approved.

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions (Secretary Stefan)

* ACTION on the Co-Chairs to suggest options for date and time slots for the next meeting to the TC members
  * COMPLETED

## 1.7 Identification of TC voting members (Co-Chair)

### 1.7.1 Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence

# 2. Future Meetings

## 2.1 Future meeting schedule (Co-Chair)

- Proposed Teleconference (Wednesday at 09:00 PT / 12:00 ET / **17:00** UTC for 1 hour)
  (Based on the poll third Wednesday of a month at Noon ET has the most votes for normal TC monthly meetings)
 
    ```
    February 21, 2024
    ```

# 3. Discussion

## 3.1 GitHub Issues for Discussion

* Omar: Introduces issue [Unique Product Identifier #2](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/2)
* All discuss and no decision taken yet

* Omar: Introduces issue [Use Cases: Proposal for Organizing Use Cases Submission #4](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/4) cf. also 
  the pull request [start scenarios directory #5](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/5) suggests to take a decision next meeting

* Shridhar: Suggests to discuss issues on GitHub and in the meeting only take on issues with a 
  label "tc-discussion" and have initial discussions on the issues asynchronously.
* Justin and Omar remind everyone, that the [existing openeox organization](https://github.com/openeox) [repository](https://github.com/OpenEoX/openeox) at some point
  will be archived or "frozen" to send everyone to the oasis-tcs/openeox repository
* Omar: Estimated time for that action of "freezing" is by the end of this week.

* Kris: Introduces issue [Define which EoX states are in and out of scope #7](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/7)
* All discuss
* Decision to split in 3 issues to separate the different topics:
   * [Define which EoX states are in and out of scope #7](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/7)
   * [Define Common Taxonomy #11](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/11)
   * [Define Mandatory vs Optional fields #12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/12)

## 3.2 PRs on initial schemas and Duncan's scenario directories

* Omar: Introduced pull request [start scenarios directory #5](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/5) already when walking all through
  the issue [Use Cases: Proposal for Organizing Use Cases Submission #4](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/4)

* Thomas Schmidt: Introduces pull request [Core Schema Draft #10](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/10) focus is on date and status which
  are missing from CSAF, CycloneDX, and SPDX. So, the Core Schema tries to fill this gap and else profit
  from existing work. During the meeting Thomas added the shell schema to the PR.

* Omar: Introduces pull request [Initial OpenEoX JSON Schema Draft #8](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/8) and suggests to document
  but close with no action with reference to [Core Schema Draft #10](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/10)

## 3.3 Next steps

* skipped due to elapsed time - everyone invited to chime in per email to the TC list

# 4. Other Business

* Thomas Schaffer: Provides logo per GitHub issue/PR
* Jay and Kris: Like to contribute

# 5. Resolutions and Decisions reached (by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end)

## 5.1 End debate of other issues by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end and follow the agenda from this point (Co-Chair)

## 5.2 Review of Decisions Reached (Co-Chair)

* DECISION to meet every third Wednesday of a month for one hour at 09:00 PT / 12:00 ET / 17:00 UTC
* DECISION to split issue [Define which EoX states are in and out of scope #7](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/7) to separate the different topics:
   * [Define which EoX states are in and out of scope #7](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/7)
   * [Define Common Taxonomy #11](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/11)
   * [Define Mandatory vs Optional fields #12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/issues/12)


## 5.3 Review of Action Items (Co-Chair)

* ACTION on Thomas Schaffer to write an email to the TC list on creation of the logo

# 7. Next Meeting

  ```
  February 21, 2024 09:00-10:00 PT / 17:00-18:00 UTC
  ```

# 8. Adjournment

Meeting was Adjourned
